# credible-ballot-system
A Vision of Voting in year 2024 and Beyond: Traveling to a conventional physical voter station is never again a burden. Or on the other hand taking an excursion day from work, to drive to your casting a ballot station and remaining in a three to four-hour line to make your choice, is presently an oldie but a goodie. There is no compelling reason to compose your name or address on a sign-in sheet and trust that your name will be called; to just advance inside a stall to make your choice. The intensity of the vote is currently readily available and your physiological make-up. Using an individualized computing gadget one can sign onto a casting a ballot site or utilize an application from anyplace on the planet – regardless of whether it is a remote shoreline in Thailand or at the base camp of Mt. Everest; it takes just a couple of minutes to finish your casting a ballot.We employ the blockchain system, which ensures that the system is tamper proof and decentralised. We also ensure the security of the system by using dual authentication system, which involves the normal password system and on top of that, we have implemented the LBPH algorithm for face recognition for authentication purpose. These two processes take care of the issue of authentication security concerns. The Blockchain implementation is in 3 phases. New transaction is created. Then this transaction is mined and finally added to the chain. The results are stored as blocks and hence these results become a part of immutable and distributed blockchain.
